Firefly | Bring your cloud Up-to-Code (#1335)
DataDog/integrations-extras: firefly/README.md

# Firefly

## Overview

> Firefly is a Cloud Asset Management solution that helps Cloud teams discover their cloud footprint (incl. AWS, GCP, Kubernetes, and Datadog), automatically transform resources to Infrastructure-as-Code, and detect drifts and policy violations to make sure their cloud is aligned with its desired state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Firefly is a Cloud Asset Management solution that helps Cloud teams discover their cloud footprint (including AWS, GCP, Kubernetes, and Datadog), automatically transform resources to Infrastructure-as-Code, and detect drifts and policy violations to make sure their cloud is aligned with its desired state.
```

Firefly helps teams make their Datadog assets immutable, versioned, scalable, and monitored by managing them as code in any Infrastructure-as-Code (IaC) tool of their choice.

### Full cloud inventory
Get a fully searchable inventory of all Datadog assets alongside other cloud assets, such as AWS, K8s, GCP, Okta, and more.

### Automatic codification
Automatically turn a single or multiple Datadog assets into code, including  Terraform, Pulumi, Cloudformation, and CDK.

### Detect and fix drift

> Get real-time notifications on any discrepancy and push a fix directly to your repository as it occurs.

Reviewer 2: Could you specify what kind of discrepancy would send a notification?

Author: The discrepancy is between the state of the cloud and what’s described in the IaC code, usually it’s referred to as “Drift”

Reviewer 2: Gotcha, it would be great if you could add that context directly into the description here. Thanks!

Author: Get real-time notification of any discrepancy between your Infrastructure-as-Code and your actual state of cloud, and push a fix directly to your repository as drift occurs.

> Get real-time notifications on any discrepancy and push a fix directly to your repository as it occurs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get real-time notification of any discrepancy between the cloud and your specification, and push a fix directly to your repository as drift occurs.
```

### Detect and Fix Policy Violations
Use the Firefly unified policy engine to find hazardous misconfigurations or costly underutilizations, and get alerts on policy violations for both custom and pre-made policies.

## Setup

### Configure Firefly - Datadog integration
1. Create a new Datadog application key and API key.
2. In the Firefly UI, go to: **Settings > Integrations > Datadog**
3. Copy the application key and paste it into the dedicated line.

> 4. Copy the application key and paste it into the dedicated line.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Copy the API key and paste it into the dedicated line.
```

5. Click **Done**.

## Support

> Any questions? We are here to help! Email [contact@gofirefly.io][1] or use the in-app chat.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any questions? Email [contact@gofirefly.io][1] or use the in-app chat.
```

# Firefly

## Overview

> Firefly is a Cloud Asset Management solution that helps Cloud teams to discover all their cloud footprint (incl. AWS, GCP, Kubernetes, and Datadog), automatically transform resources to Infrastructure-as-Code, detect drifts, and policy violations to make sure their cloud is aligned with its desired state.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Firefly is a Cloud Asset Management solution that helps Cloud teams discover their cloud footprint (incl. AWS, GCP, Kubernetes, and Datadog), automatically transform resources to Infrastructure-as-Code, and detect drifts and policy violations to make sure their cloud is aligned with its desired state.
```

Firefly helps teams make their Datadog assets immutable, versioned, scalable and monitored by managing them as code in any Infrastructure-as-Code (IaC) tool of their choice.

### Full Cloud Inventory
Get a fully searchable inventory of all Datadog assets, alongside other cloud assets, such as AWS, K8s, GCP, Okta, and more.

### Automatic Codification

> Automatically turn a single or multiple Datadog assets into code, including  Terraform, Pulumi, Cloudformation, and CDK.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Automatically turn Datadog assets into code, including Terraform, Pulumi, Cloudformation, and CDK.
```

Reviewer 2: Are Terraform, Pulumi, and Cloudformation examples of IaC tools that you can manage these assets in? I think some clarity on these examples would be helpful

Author: Firefly's ability is to describe DataDog assets as a code (Terraform / pulumi / cdk, etc) and manage them on Firefly.
The management itself of the resources is via Firefly and not solely through these tools as it applies in your phrasing

Reviewer 2: No problem, we can keep this as-is.

> Automatically turn a single or multiple Datadog assets into code, including  Terraform, Pulumi, Cloudformation, and CDK.

Author: Firefly's ability is to describe DataDog assets as a code (Terraform / pulumi / cdk, etc) and manage them on Firefly.
The management itself of the resources is via Firefly and not solely through these tools as it applies in your phrasing

> Automatically turn a single or multiple Datadog assets into code, including  Terraform, Pulumi, Cloudformation, and CDK.

Reviewer: Ah, I see. In that case, how about this:
```suggestion
Automatically turn single or multiple Datadog assets into code, including Terraform, Pulumi, Cloudformation, and CDK specifications.
```

### Detect and Fix Drifts

> Get real-time notifications on any discrepancy and fix it as it occurs, directly to your repository.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Get real-time notifications on any discrepancy and push a fix directly to your repository as it occurs.
```

### Detect and Fix Policy Violations

> Get alerts and fix any policy violation, using pre-made or custom policies, using Firefly unified policy engine, to find hazardous misconfigurations or costly underutilizations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the Firefly unified policy engine to find hazardous misconfigurations or costly underutilizations, and get alerts on policy violations for both custom and pre-made policies.
```

## Setup

### Configure Firefly - Datadog Integration:
1. From your Firefly UI, go to: **Settings > Integrations > Datadog**
2. In order to create the integration you will have to:
    * Create a new application key
      * Copy the application key and paste it into the dedicated line
    * Create a new API key
      * Copy the application key and paste it into the dedicated line

> 3. Click done

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Click **Done**
```
